TYPES OF WEAPON:
	MELEE
	RANGED
	SPELLS


Crafting materials:
	Normal:
		Wooden Log
		Wooden Plank (3 x 1(Wooden Log) or 1 x 2(Wooden Stick))
		Wooden Stick (1 x 1(Wooden Plank) or 3 x 1(Wooden Log))
		Unpolished Stone
		Brute Copper
		Brute Tin
		Brute Iron
		Broken Glass Shard
		Rope
		Slime Gel
		Feathers
		
	Uncommon:
		Bronze Bar (Brute Copper x 4, Brute Tin x 3)
		Stone (Unpolished Stone x 5)
		Iron Bar (Brute Iron x 7)
		Unpolished Steel (Iron Bar x 2, Brute Tin x 3)
		Steel Bar (Unpolished Steel x 2)
		Brute Aluminium
		Monster Claws
		Scales
		Silk
		Steel Rod (Steel Bar x 2)
		Glass
		Fire Essence
		Water Essence
		Earth Essence
		Air Essence
		
	Rare:
		Brute Mithril
		Elemental Shard
		Mithril Bar (Brute Mithril x 7)
		Horns
		*Graphene* (Steel Bar x 1, Stone x 2, Elemental Shard x 3) #HiddenOP
		Magic Glue (Elemental shard x 3, Slime Gel x 5)
		Magma Essence (Fire and Earth Essence)
		Electric Essence (Water Essence x 1, Graphene x 3)
		Nature Essence (Air, Water and Earth Essence)
		Light Crystal
		Dark Crystal
		
	Legendary:
		Orokin Bar
		Elemental Gem (Elemental Shard x 25)
		Life Essence (Nature and Light Essence) #Buffs
		Death Essence (Nature and Dark Essence) #Debuffs






Craftable Weapons:
Tier 1:
	- Handmade Scythe = Broken Glass Shard (7), Slime Gel (6), Wooden Stick (3), Rope (3)
	- Handmade Knife = Wooden Stick (1), Slime Gel (1), Glass Shard (2)
	- Handmade Hammer = Wooden Stick (2), Wooden Log (1), Rope (2)
	
Tier 2:

Tier 3:

Tier 4:

Tier 5:

Tier X:
	- Gungnir = Orokin Bar (3), Elemental Gem (1), Steel Rod (9)

Assassin weapons:
	Dagger
	Katar
	



Ideas locas:
Shotgun
Heavy Machinegun
Need a hand?
Nodachi
Katana
Rapier
Dual Scythe
Dual Blade
2H
Great Knife (SH2)
Hookswords
Chained Blades (GoW)
Dynamite
Flail
Halberd
Battleaxe
Warhammer
Excalibur
Whip
Ivy's Wip (SC3)
Nightmare's Blade of Terror (SC3)
Allahu Akbar (because fuck you thats why)
Keyblade
Boomerang






Abilities:

1.- BloodThirst: Each team member gains an x% of life back with their next basic attack

2.- Berserker: Your next basic attack is equal to half of your missing health***

3.- Stealth: You become untargeteable for 3 turns. If you attack under Stealth's effect, your attack gains 100% crit
chance and wears off

4.- Confusion: Next time the chosen enemy attacks, it has a chance of damaging itself or another enemy

5.- Smoke Screen: You and your allies gain x% of evasion during the next x enemy turns

6.- Clock is Ticking (ALLAHU AKBAR!): You curse an enemy. When the enemy dies, it has a chance of exploding, dealing
damage to enemies around him

7.- Taunt: The chosen enemy targets you only during its next 3 turns

8.- I'm a MONSTER!: Gain offensive stats but cant use any spells or items (weapon and armour bonuses are nullified)
for 2 / 3 turns. After the effect wears off, your character is unable to do anything in its next turn

9.- Might of Cerberus: Your DEF becomes your ATK for this turn. When your turn has ended, it gives you x DEF
until your next turn

10.- Bullseye: Your next attack gains 100% crit chance. If you have a Ranged weapon equipped, double (or triple) your
critical damage

11.- The Allfather's Bless: Choose an enemy whom will have a random stat halfed except for HP and DEF. Once said stat
gets halfed, gain ATK and/or DEF points equal to the halfed number

12.- Lazarus the Amazing Fenix: Bless any entity. If that entity dies in the next 5 turns, it will be revived with half
of its max HP

13.- Merlin's Wisdom: Restore x mana points. If you have a Scroll equipped, you can also attack on this turn

14.- Full Random Alchemy: Create a random Tier1 consumable

15.- UnDead : Bind your soul with an entity. If that entity gets you killed, you use the last of your energies to
critically damage said entity. If said strike kills the entity, you revive with 1/4 of its max health

16.- Battlecry/Nerd's Rage: Give an ATK and DEF boost to you and all your allies

17.- Silence: Choose an enemy that won't be able to use abilities on its next turn

18.- Cripple: Choose an enemy that won't be able to basic-attack on its next turn

19.- Riches!: Mark a non-Boss enemy so it drops more loot whenever it dies

20.- Fighting Spirit: Damage 2 random enemies on this turn

21.- Warning Shot: Choose an enemy that wil have its DEF, CRITCHANCE, CRIT and ATK reduced on its next turn.
If you have a Ranged weapon equipped, this ability also damages said enemy

22.- Wisdom Dog (pah): Summon a pet Hound with 1/4 of all your stats which will attack automatically after your turn 
has ended. If you have a Scroll weapon equipped, summon a Demon Hound instead, with 1/3 of your stats

23.- Arcane KaBOOM: Your character kills itself, exploding dealing large amounts of damage to every entity
in the battlefield. After the explosion, your characters enters ethereal mode, with 1HP but huge EVS for
1 turn (On said turn, you won't be able to attack). If nothing kills during ethereal form, you return to
physical form with 1/3 of your HP

24.- AC/DC: You send a shockwave to an enemy damaging it. This ability has a 50% chance of hitting another enemy,
but the damage will be halfed as well. This chained effect continues until it doesn't hit an enemy.
(100% on the first enemy, 50% on the second, 25% on the third, 13% on the fourth, 7% on the fifth...)
(on PvP, this ability is able to hit pets as well)

25.- Persuade: You try and make a chosen a non-Boss enemy to leave the battle by paying him 150*(Enemy's LvL) gold.
Enemies that doesn't accept the offer become enraged, dealing a small extra damage on its next turn, but at least
if that happens, you won't lose your precious gold
NOTES: Damaged enemies have a higher chance of accepting the offer; If the enemy accepts the offer, you won't get
any battle reward from it, but you will still win a small amount of xp

26.- TBC
